ninja Rocko kiddies really choke on this
so good for their teeth good for TV
kittens yeah but every nail like then
okay let's bring it over on the carpets
me okay she got it
okay let's finish it off there
we have to say
since I'm not fanatic but once you see a
kitten chewing on real meat
eating kibble or mushy canned food just
isn't the same is it it's just not the
same dad you can also see why this might
be more likely to clean their teeth then
kibble which just shatters or they
actually swallow it whole
back up again what a finish off that
beauty and I thank you God
this chicken is chunked up a special
grinder bone and all and then I eat the
bone right along with the meat and
gristle and some liver and just a few
supplements to make up for the missing
organs put some hearts in there extra
taurine it's important to get the
calcium and phosphorus ratio correct
chicken thighs with bone-in happen to
have the appropriate ratio for cats
which happens to be about the same ratio
as in a mouse you want your cast to chew
on something for their teeth is is it
can I earn enough
older cats that are not used to chewing
on things often won't do this yes it's
hard to get them to chew they're just
not used to it
I'm playing with your girl Julie
arrest yep there she goes again
No